Yueyue, don't worry
Dad will be here soon. Good dad Yueyue will be waiting for you.
Tatsuta is in the crowd
So I'm guilty of going to Beichen to save my fiancée
Ye Fanxing's family
Doctor uncle
Why hasn't my mom woken up yet?
What about your adults?
Get them ready 500,000 surgery
Otherwise your mother's life is in danger
But grandma and grandpa see that no one cares about me
Uncle, can you save my mother first?
I can't help it either.
I can't do surgery without money
Mom mom
Hey dad, I followed the wind to the hospital
Didn't we agree to see Long Shuai together?
Why aren't you in the office?
Long Shuai, do you think we can meet when we say see you?
Wait until I get back
Oops user
When can we see Long Shuai?
It's time for you to meet
Naturally, you can, okay, okay.
Why did his child cry in those two days?
It's so noisy, let's go and have a look, okay?
Mom, is this Ye Fan's new sword seed?
Why are you crying? Your mother is dead. Help! Help!
Help mom
Can you save my mother?
Mom needs 500,000 surgery
Please save my mother
Employment Stars Humph
No help, go away